---

title: "test posting"

last_modified_at: 2021-08-20T01:40:00-04:00

categories: 

 - test_cat

tags:

 - test, test2

toc: true

toc_label: "목차"

---



이제부터 DL/ML/AI 관련된 논문을 여기에 리뷰 (공부형식)한다.



If you're interested in testing out Minimal Mistakes as a gemified theme read on. There are a few caveats though:



1. 중요한 요점은 여기에 이렇게 그리고 >>는 포인트 단어`핵심` `

2. 잘 한번 해봅시다. `important`



Fine with all that? Great. Let's continue.



If you're migrating a site already using Minimal Mistakes and haven't customized any of the `_includes`, `_layouts`, `_sass` partials, or `assets` this should be quick and painless.



**## Step 1: Remove Theme Files** 

파이썬 마크다운처럼 ** 으로**강조표시**  `##` 으로 글씨 키우기 할수 있다~



If you customized any of these then leave them alone and only remove the untouched ones. If setup correctly your modified versions should act as [overrides](http://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults) to the versions bundled with the theme.



**## Step 2: Update** **`Gemfile`**



코드를 표시할 때는 아래처럼 ````ruby` 쓰고 코드 넣고 마지막에 다시  `를 3개로 마무리

```ruby

!pip install tensorflow --1.5.0

```



Then add the pre-release Minimal Mistakes theme gem: 



```ruby

gem "minimal-mistakes-jekyll", :git => "https://github.com/mmistakes/minimal-mistakes.git", :branch => "feature/theme-gem"`

```



When finished your `Gemfile` should look something like this:







**## Step 3: Run Bundler**



Run `bundle install` (or `bundle update` if you're updating an existing repo) to install the pre-release gems.



**## Step 4: Install the Theme**



Add `theme: "minimal-mistakes-jekyll"` to your `_config.yml` file.



If you're migrating from an existing Minimal Mistakes site you shouldn't have to change anything else after this. If it's a new site consult then docs to [properly config]({{ "/docs/configuration/" | relative_url }}).



***\*Please Note:\**** Paths for image headers, overlays, teasers, [galleries]({{ "/docs/helpers/#gallery" | relative_url }}), and [feature rows]({{ "/docs/helpers/#feature-row" | relative_url }}) have changed and now require a full path. Instead of just `image: filename.jpg` you'll need to use the full path eg: `image: assets/images/filename.jpg`. The preferred location is now `assets/images` but can be placed elsewhere or external hosted. This applies for image references in `_config.yml` and `author.yml`.

{: .notice--danger}



**## Step 5:** **`jekyll new`** **Tweaks**



If this is a new site be sure to add the following files to `_data/` and customize as you see fit. There is currently no way of bundling them in with the theme, so be sure to consult the docs on how to properly use both.



- [`_data/ui-text.yml`](https://github.com/mmistakes/minimal-mistakes/blob/master/_data/ui-text.yml) - UI text [documentation]({{ "/docs/ui-text/" | relative_url }})

- [`_data/navigation.yml`](https://github.com/mmistakes/minimal-mistakes/blob/master/_data/navigation.yml) - navigation [documentation]({{ "/docs/navigation/" | relative_url }})



You'll also need to: 



- Replace `<site root>/index.html` with a modified [Minimal Mistakes `index.html`](https://github.com/mmistakes/minimal-mistakes/blob/master/index.html).

- Change `layout: post` in `_posts/0000-00-00-welcome-to-jekyll.markdown` to `layout: single`.

- Remove `about.md`, or at the very least change `layout: page` to `layout: single` and remove references to `icon-github.html` (or [copy to your `_includes`](https://github.com/jekyll/minima/tree/master/_includes) if using).



---



That's it! If all goes well running `bundle exec jekyll serve` should spin-up your site. If you encounter any bumps please file an issue on GitHub and make sure to indicate you're testing the pre-release Ruby gem version.



[File an issue](https://github.com/mmistakes/minimal-mistakes/issues/new){: .btn .btn--info .btn--large}



Thanks!